{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red55\green55\blue55;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15280\viewh13040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 air b-n-b-n-b (edited)
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2447\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs48 \cf0 audio\
\
July 2014, Los Angeles
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460

\fs30 \cf0 That morning the paper had come and we studied it in silence for hours filling the time until the museum opened. This is what married people would do, I had thought. Our week-long relationship trial is going smoothly because here we are sitting in silence reading the paper and we\'92re both fine with that. He had noted a few weeks back that he liked spending time on his own, even while in the presence of another and I had breathed, because I was the same way. We could do as we pleased without worrying if the other person felt shut out. If we were married, we might also watch the entire Gathering of the Juggalos commercial in silence, while he futzes with a rubix cube. We seemed to have fallen into each other\'92s rhythms nicely and I was not nervous about getting to the museum late. We drive down La Brea towards Culver City. He\'92s playing on some app on his iPad that lets you comp different beat samples together to make a song. We talk about this and that, the same buoyant topics we\'92d been having since he arrived. Everything feels totally normal just as it had that morning. I tell this to myself again and again as we inch our way through traffic. We wander through the museum, orbiting each other like planets that had been created on separate rings of gravity centuries ago. We don\'92t comment on the exhibition, most of it is dusty and incomprehensible, exhibits thrice removed from my understanding or empathy; old diagrams of ancient tools notated in a foreign language. Many times I lose track of him and wonder, without alarm, whether he had gone off and left me somewhere, made eyes with the girl at the front desk and got to talking with her about bands he\'92d spend a lot of money to see. \cf2 an indescribable yet palpable cushion of space had grown steadily between us, nestling between our bodies in a way that has gotten hard for me to ignore. i couldn\'92t place my finger on it but it had already calcified there by the time we got back in the car. I turned on a Wings song to fill the sudden void, offering up a comment to ease the tension, \'93I like the bass line in this song.\'94 The sun is lower in the sky now, casting the facades of homes and storefronts in broad swaths of pastel, and I\'92m driving slow to take it all in. I\'92m never this far west, at least not on my own. \'93There is no bass in this song,\'94 he replies. We\'92re looking out for a place we can get a drink. Not an alcoholic drink, just a water or gatorade, something to restore us from the dry, dusty museum. He\'92s not one for alcohol, anyway. but at this point, I wished I could down something stiffer. \'93I hear a bass 
\i synth
\i0 . But not a bass.\'94\
}